A few years ago I came across a post from someone that has a large number of followers and they posted a screenshot of one of their tweets from a few years ago. The screenshotted tweet had less than 10 likes and had very little engagement in general. The point of the post was to draw attention to the fact that for a while all of your posts are just being launched into the void and you have no way of knowing if it'll have any engagement. Our feeds are filled with people getting massive amounts of engagement, but for the vast majority of users online, posts reach at most 100 people and are never seen or thought of again. This has stuck with me for quite some time and it's something that I think about fairly often.

I seemingly go through periods where I get a decent amount of engagement on my posts online, but all-in-all my engagement is pretty low. While in the grand scheme of things I know that it doesn't matter at all, there is some satisfaction that I (hopefully not just I) get from people engaging with the things I post. Not necessarily just for popularity-sake, moreso the fact that I am being acknowledged and people think what I'm saying is worth taking time out of their day to engage with.

That being said I often times find myself grappling with a mental block preventing me from posting more, whether that be blog posts or tweets. The main barrier is me not thinking that I have anything interesting to say. While that might be the case, in the last few months I've been trying to make an effort to just post things without much thought. I've found that the more I think about posting something, the more likely I am to talk myself out of it. Maybe I'm worried about potential consequences in the future, but if I'm looking at this logically, for 9/10 things that I post that shouldn't even be a real worry.

There's also something quite poetic about making countless posts that almost no one sees, but being able to look back on them in the future. I have quite a few notebooks that I use for logging day-to-day tasks and general thoughts, and it's nice to look back on them and see the what kind of head-space I was in at a given time. I can look at some notes and remember exactly what I was feeling at the time. It's incredibly rewarding to see something that I was struggling with or just getting started with, and know that I've made it past what initially seemed like an insurmountable task.

As a side note, I genuinely believe that building a following online is one of the best things you can do for your future if you spend a decent amount of time online. It's important to not treat your audience as cash cows, however having an audience to tell about new ideas and products gives you a huge edge. Even if they don't buy or use whatever new project you spin up, some of the people in your audience may signal boost it. Maybe they like you're aesthetic, maybe they like the project/idea but don't have the time to use it. Either way, having that audience is massive post 2025.

Maybe I'll always be posting into the void with very little engagement, but I'm starting to come to terms with the reality that it actually doesn't matter all too much. I don't really post any spicy content online so it's not as if I need to worry about massive consequences. Some people may get upset or will vehemently disagree, but that's okay. That's a big part of the experience of being online.

This is all to say that I'm going to continue making an effort to be more visible online, and really start to lean into the art and beauty of void posting. Maybe I'll end up with a large audience, but if not, at the very least I will have a large catalog of ideas and thoughts to draw inspiration from and gain perspective of myself as a person.
